Added a note about downgrades (#52565)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/upgrade.asciidoc

* 6.8 to 7.0.
* 6.7 to 7.1.–{version}.

> In-place Downgrades from any version to an earlier version are not supported.  You can restore a Snapshot taken prior to an upgrade to a Cluster running the pre-upgrade version to workaround this limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
In-place downgrades to earlier versions are not supported. To downgrade to an earlier version, <<snapshots-restore-snapshot,restore a snapshot>> taken prior to the version upgrade.
====
```

Author: Thanks!  Have added now - stby for update...
